feat: Print proxy URL information in `/debug-env` command (#5648)
Chatterino/chatterino2: CHANGELOG.md

- Minor: The emote popup now reloads when Twitch emotes are reloaded. (#5580)
- Minor: Added `--login <username>` CLI argument to specify which account to start logged in as. (#5626)
- Minor: Indicate when subscriptions and resubscriptions are for multiple months. (#5642)

> - Minor: Print proxy URL information in `/debug-env` command (#5648)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Minor: Proxy URL information is now included in the `/debug-env` command. (#5648)
```
